1.What is CSS and why is it used?
    
CSS is stands for cascading style sheet , is used to design a webpage to layout and style.

2.What are the three types of CSS?
 
CSS is classified into three types namely,
   
1.inline css
2.internal css
3.external css

3.What is the difference between Inline CSS, Internal CSS, and External CSS?

inline css:
       inline css is used to design specific elements,using style attributes,inside html file in html tags or elements used in open tags.
        ex:<h1 style="">content</h1>
internal css:
       internal css is an used in inside a head.
external css:
       external css is an used to design a webpage in separate style sheet.

4.Which CSS type has highest priority?

inline css can take a highest priority in comparatively to others,because priority is an multiple style can apply to same elements and browser to decide which styles to win.

5.Which CSS method is mostly used in real-time projects?

external css is mostly used in real time project.

6.What are CSS selectors?
     
selector is an used to work to design a separate element or multiple elements.

7.What is the difference between class selector and ID selector?

class selector:
         class selector is used to design an selected elements,which we planned to design.
ID selector:
          ID selector is used to design an elements,which has more and high priority than class selector.

8.What is the purpose of universal selector in CSS?
          universal selector is an selector in css that can be design whole html file by using "*"{}.

9.What is cascading in CSS?
           
   multiple style can apply to same elements and browser decide which styles to win and this process called priority.

10.What is specificity in CSS?

Its an priority calculation system used by browser to determine which css to rule should apply ,when multiple styles or rules to target same elements.

11.What is the difference between block and inline elements?

block elements:
          It is always start with new line its like an container to hold the many content or tags inside the block level and it always take a full width of the screen.
inline elements:
          its not start with new line ,its taken the content width.inside inline you will add any inline.you can also added a inside a block level also added the inline.
12.What is Flexbox and why is it used?

flex is one dimensional layout,it works row or column to make a responsive webpage layout and flex,it helping to split a webpages anad align a content as row and column.

13.What is the difference between justify-content and align-items?

justify-content:
             justify content is used to align a content in center,space-between,space-around ,space-evenly.
align-items:
             align-item is used to align content in center vertically,if we give this we have to apply a height.


